Christmas was such a happy time for my family.
I was happy because we could be together as a family.
In our community, there are many traditions related to Christmas.
Our whole family would go to church on Christmas Eve to worship Jesus.
My husband passed away when the children were still very young, and I felt very lonely.
Our lives had completely changed, so I would pray to God.
And all I would say was, God, wherever you are, please help me to raise my children well.
If the witnesses come by again, this time I will listen to them.
They answered all my questions using the Bible.
I began to learn what the Bible says about Jesus' birth, and I found it difficult to grasp.
What I had always been taught wasn't what the Bible said.
I liked having a clear understanding of why God sent Jesus to the earth.
What He was sent to do, what He will do in the future, and the blessings He'll bring.
I realized that what I was studying was the truth.
I stopped thinking of Jesus as a little baby.
I was excited to learn what the Bible says Jesus will do for mankind.
Like how He will resurrect the dead.
A lot of people didn't like what I was learning.
My parents came to my house, and they said they would kick me out of town if I didn't stop studying.
But I decided that what I was learning from the Bible was more important.
I was able to teach my children about who Jesus is, and what He will do for the earth.
Many years have gone by since we gave up those Christmas traditions.
I'm so pleased to see how my children are doing because of following Bible teachings.
Now, I am truly happy.